----------------------------------------------
------Rage face smiley theme for Pidgin------
----------------------------------------------

Based on the work of edgesmash.



Changelog:
1.7:
 - 8 new faces

1.6:
 - 11 new faces added
 - Several never-used faces removed

1.5:
 - Updated setup instructions
 - Added awesomeface and dancing troll

1.4:
 - Added look of dissaproval

1.3:
 - Added every smile I could think of

1.2:
 - Added more smiles

1.1:
 - Added some smiles

1.0:
 - Initial revision


Cheat sheet:
fffuuu.png              :fuuu
YUNO.png                :yuno
staredad.png            :sd
problem.png             :t
LOLnotext.png           :lol
GTFO.png                :gtfo
ChallengeAccepted.png   :ca
fuckyeahwords.png       :fyea
foreveralone.png        :fa
megusta.png             :mg
awyeah.png              :ay
shocked.png             :sh
okay.png                :ok
melvin.png              :m
cereal.png              :cereal
cerealspitting.png      :spit
actually.png            :act
aintthatsomeshit.png    :aint
babytroll.png           :baby
baww.png                :baww
biggrin.png             :grin
closeenough.png         :ce
determined.png          :determined
disgusted.png           :disgust
down.png                :down
dudecomeon.png          :dude
ewbte.png               :ewbte
excitedtroll.png        :et
fapfap.png              :fap
friends.png             :friends
fullpanel.png           :fff
gasp.png                :gasp
gasp.png                :O
gaytroll.png            :gay
happy.png               :happy
hehehe.png              :hehehe
herpderp.png            :herp
iamdisappointed.png     :disappoint
itsnotokay.png          :notok
mad.png                 :mad
milk.png                :milk
mouthopen.png           :mouthopen
newspaperguy.png        :np
newspaperguytear.png    :newstear
no.png                  :no
ohno.png                :ohno
openmouth.png           :openmouth
PFFFTCCHCHCHHFFFTTT.png :pff
pokerface.png           :poker
rage2.png               :rage
redeyes.png             :redeyes
sadmelvin.png           :sadm
sadtroll.png            :st
somuchwin.png           :win
suspicious.png          :susp
sweaty.png              :sw
thoughtful.png          :th
tongue.png              :tongue
trolldad.png            :tdad
underbite.png           :sj
upvote.png              :up
what.png                :what
whywithhands.png        :why
fuckthatshit.png        :fts
lod.jpg                 :lod
dance.gif               :dance
awesome.png             :awesome
lied.png                :lie
truestory.png           :ts
jackiechan.jpg          :jc
steve.jpg               :steve
derp.png                :derp
smirk.jpg               :smirk
cochran.gif             :cochran
BadPokerFace.png        :badpoker
kidding.png             :kidding
notbad.jpg              :notbad
racket.jpg              :racket
tdadjump.png            :tdadjump
fumanchu.jpg            :fum
clevergirl.png			:cg
fucolor9.png			:funuke
RichFu.png				:quite
hatersgonnahate.jpg		:haters
iseewhatyoudidthere.png :ic
GaspHand.png			:gasphand
AllTheThings.png		:all
whathaveyoudone.png		:youdone
drunk.png				:drunk
spiderpman.png			:perv
omgrun.png				:run
slowclap.gif            :slowclap
freddie.png             :victory
