Name=Rageicons
Description=Rage faces from /r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu
Icon=fffuuu-s.png
Author=darraghwhelan (dazzahwel), kkrauth, edgesmash

[default]
fffuuu.png              :fuuu
YUNO.png                :yuno
staredad.png            :sd
problem.png             :t
LOLnotext.png           :lol
GTFO.png                :gtfo
ChallengeAccepted.png   :ca
fuckyea.png             :fyea
foreveralone.png        :fa
megusta.png             :mg
awyeah.png              :ay
shocked.png             :sh
okay.png                :ok
high.png                :high
melvin.png              :m
cereal.png              :cereal
cerealspitting.png      :spit
actually.png            :act
aintthatsomeshit.png    :aint
babytroll.png           :baby
baww.png                :baww
biggrin.png             :grin
closeenough.png         :ce
determined.png          :determined
disgusted.png           :disgust
down.png                :down
dudecomeon.png          :dude
ewbte.png               :ewbte
excitedtroll.png        :et
fapfap.png              :fap
friends.png             :friends
fullpanel.png           :fff
gasp.png                :gasp
gaytroll.png            :gay
happy.png               :happy
hehehe.png              :hehehe
herpderp.png            :herp
iamdisappointed.png     :disappoint
itsnotokay.png          :notok
mad.png                 :mad
milk.png                :milk
mouthopen.png           :mouthopen
newspaperguy.png        :np
newspaperguytear.png    :newstear
no.png                  :no
ohno.png                :ohno
openmouth.png           :openmouth
PFFFTCCHCHCHHFFFTTT.png :pff
PokerFace.png           :poker
PokerFace.png		r:-|
PokerFace.png		r:|
BadPokerFace.png	r:-/
BadPokerFace.png	r:/
rage2.png               :rage
redeyes.png             :redeyes
retarddog.png           :dog
sadmelvin.png           :sadm
sadtroll.png            :st
sidemouth.png           :side
somuchwin.png           :win
suspicious.png          :susp
sweaty.png              :sw
thoughtful.png          :th
tongue.png              :tongue
trolldad.png            :tdad
underbite.png           :ub
upvote.png              :up
wasted.png              :wasted
what.png                :what
whywithhands.png        :why
yaoming.png             :yao
lod.jpg                 :lod
dance.gif               :dance
awesome.png             :awesome
lied.png                :lie
truestory.png           :ts
jackiechan.jpg          :jc
steve.jpg               :steve
derp.png                :derp
smirk.jpg               :smirk
cochran.gif             :cochran
BadPokerFace.png        :badpoker
kidding.png             :kidding
notbad.jpg              :notbad
racket.jpg              :racket
fu.png                  :rich
tdadjump.png            :tdadjump
fumanchu.jpg            :fum
clevergirl.png		:cg
fucolor9.png		:funuke
RichFu.png		:quite
hatersgonnahate.jpg	:haters
iseewhatyoudidthere.png :ic
GaspHand.png		:gasphand
AllTheThings.png	:all
fuckyeahwords.png	:fuckyahw
whathaveyoudone.png	:youdone
drunk.png		:drunk
spiderpman.png		:perv
omgrun.png		:run
jackiechan.jpg          :wtf
bra.png			:bra

